=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 22=
=I Thought I'd Never See You Again=
The Fengwu Bracelet.
Ying Du,
you actually went this far
to protect her.
You poured all your power
into the Bracelet.
So,
this whole thing was your scheme.
I won't let you harm Ying Du again.
Ying Du,
what are you planning to do?
Zhaoli,
wait for my return.
Ying Du,
who are you to decide for me?
Come back.
Come back now!
No, impossible.
How could I possibly die?
This can't be.
(Ying Du's power faded away.)
(Has something)
(happened to Ying Du?)
Ying Du!
♪I wish I could hold you once more♪
You scared me to death.
I thought I'd never see you again.
Zhaoli,
don't be afraid.
♪No way out♪
♪Chasing through three lifetimes♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
Ying Du,
at last, we...
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
Ying Du!
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
Ying Du, don't scare me like that.
What's happening to you?
I'm fine.
Zhaoli,
don't cry.
Your leg...
Your body...
How did this happen to you?
Zhaoli,
you're crying for me again.
This time, please don't cry, okay?
I'm not crying.
I refuse.
I won't let you die,
Ying Du.
Don't leave me.
Zhaoli,
I can't stay with you anymore.
Don't leave me.
But
- Zhaoli,
- Please, no.
without my protection,
you must live well.
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
Ying Du!
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
Ying Du...
♪One more glance may let love♪
Ying Du!
Come back.
Don't leave me alone.
The Bracelet.
The Bracelet...
It can reverse time.
Ying Du once used it to save me.
As long as I activate it,
I can bring Ying Du back to life.
(Ying Du,)
(your soul was shattered because of me.)
(If you could return,)
(I wish we'd never met again)
(and had no ties between us.)
(This way,)
(you could live in peace.)
What's your name?
Ying Du.
(So, Ying Du and I)
(have gone through so many cycles.)
(Could it be that our fate)
(can never be changed?)
(Year 7 of Rongxi)
(Where am I?)
Hello.
What era is it now?
It's the Rongxi Era.
Thank you.
It's nothing.
Rongxi Era.
I've returned to my childhood days.
(Since I'm back at the very beginning,)
(I must change the fate)
(between Ying Du and me.)
Miss, have an umbrella.
I want this one.
Ying Du.
(5-year-old Fengwu)
Du,
who is that?
I don't know.
Let's go home.
Ying Du has lost his memory.
Fengwu,
think about what to have for dinner.
Let's go.
(Wuyue tribe)
(This is the Wuyue tribe.)
Du,
that strange lady
is still following us.
You should head inside first.
I should find a place
to settle in first.
Wait.
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪